Installation and instruction:
Download phpstudy, run apache2.4.39, and run MySQL8.0.12. Import the database setting project1.sql. You can start using the homepage.
URL:https://github.com/s3554374/Project1
Release notes:
version 1.0: The first release only has the login registration function. Users can log in and register information. In the first release, there was only a simple relational database.

version 1.5: In the second release, we have the admin management page, dashboard. The logged-in user can see a part of his profile.

version 2.0:  In the third release, we basically completed the display of the profile, and added the automatic recommendation function, users can see the information of other users recommended.

version 2.5:  In the fourth release, we improved the dashboard function and added a chat function, users can chat in the lobby. And can be used normally in non-debug mode.

version 3.0:  The system will automatically recommend contacts based on the user's preferences.

Fixed
[1.0] - 2020-3-10
the login and registration and database

Added
login page/ add css and js
registration page/ changed php function and css and js
database/ add user table

Changed

Fixed

[1.5] - 2020-3-20
we have the admin management page, dashboard. The logged-in user can see a part of his profile

Added
admin management page/ dashboard page / user profile page

Changed
login page / changed css and js
registration page/ changed php function and some validation
database/  changed user database

Fixed
login page layout

[2.0] - 2020-3-20
we basically completed the display of the profile, and added the automatic recommendation function, users can see the information of other users recommended.

Added
automatic recommendation function/ added recommendation function for user
information of other users recommended/ added information of other users recommended

Changed
profile page / display of the profile

Fixed
all layout 
error on profile page display

version 2.5:

Added:

chat.sql
chat_display_ajax.php
server_get.php
speak.php

Changed:

The chat between users is realized through the ajax function in jQuery. Now users can chat.
Added the debug mode of the chat function to facilitate development.

Fixed:

Fixed a bug that the chat function cannot be triggered correctly

version 3.0:
Added: 

match.php
We have added a file named match.php to achieve the matching function..

Changed:
We search users' hobbies through database sql commands to match users with similar hobbies